# proposal-ng17abd

**Web Scripting Proposal

# Task 1: Project Description

The cosmetics business is a multi-billion-dollar industry. Women spend fortunes on makeup products, whether it be for everyday or special events. As the years have progressed makeup products have changed, and with advancement there are new and different type of products being released every day. However, there are many people who lack the knowledge on how to use certain products or achieve certain makeup looks. As each person has a certain need when it comes to enhancing beauty, there are certain products and techniques which can be used to achieve that look. For this reason, I will be creating an online community site called “Makeup Revolution”. This online community is for members wanting to discuss everything to do with makeup, cosmetics, product reviews, and general beauty related topics. “Makeup Revolution” will be a community site which is open to anyone, the user does not have to be a professional makeup artist. People will benefit from using this online community as the features of “Makeup Revolution” would develop community content through the users uploading images and videos along with product reviews. The content will be user generated, allowing users to upload images of certain makeup looks, images of beauty products with their reviews, videos of makeup looks and video tutorials as well. The content will also consist of reviews, discussions, and polls. The communication of “Makeup Revolution” would occur as users would be able to share their opinions through posts and replies. Essentially, these posts and replies may in the form of text and images. The collaboration of “Makeup Revolution” will occur through forum discussions, users may post upcoming makeup events, or post about certain product or brand sales occurring, furthermore users may ask any beauty related question and post any tips and tricks they wish. 
